Document the separability axis (#4015)
ocaml-flambda/flambda-backend: jane/doc/extensions/_05-kinds/non-modal.md

## Separability

> The separability axis records whether a type can have float value or non-float value elements, where a float OCaml value is a pointer to an allocated block with the `Double_tag`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The separability axis records whether a type can have float or non-float values, where a float value is a pointer to an allocated block tagged with `Double_tag` (which is what `float` values look like).
```

This axis has three possible values, with `non_float < separable < non_separable`.

> if none of its elements are floats, while a type is `separable` if either all or none

Reviewer: Missing beginning of sentence?

## Separability

The separability axis records whether a type can have float or non-float elements.
This axis has three possible values, with `non_float < separable < non_separable`.

> A float OCaml value is a pointer to a block with the `Double_tag`. A type is `non_float`

Author: Is it better now?
